Update GOI docs on how to run the workflow (#281)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: optional-goi-analysis/README.md

If you are using conda, dependencies can be installed as [part of the initial setup](../README.md#snakemakeconda-installation).

## Running the workflow

The execution file with the genes of interest Snakemake workflow is named `goi.snakefile` and can be found in the root directory.
To tell snakemake to run the specific genes of interest workflow be sure to use the `--snakefile` or `-s` option followed by the name of the snakefile, `goi.snakefile`.
The below code is an example of running the genes of interest workflow.

```
snakemake --snakefile goi.snakefile \ 
  --cores 2 \
  --use-conda \
  --config results_dir="<RELATIVE PATH TO RESULTS DIRECTORY>" \
  project_metadata="<RELATIVE PATH TO YOUR PROJECT METADATA TSV>"
```

**You will want to replace the paths for both `results_dir` and `project_metadata` to successfully run the workflow.** 
Where `results_dir` is the relative path to the results directory where all results from running the workflow will be stored and `project_metadata` is the relative path to the TSV file containing the relevant information about your input files.
See more information on project metadata in the [expected input section](#expected-input) below.

> **Note:**  If you did not install dependencies [with conda via snakemake](../README.md#snakemakeconda-installation), you will need to remove the `--use-conda` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:**  If you installed dependencies [with conda via snakemake](../README.md#snakemakeconda-installation), you will need to remove the `--use-conda` flag.
```
I think this should be changed?

Author: Do we want to remove the `--use-conda` flag if the dependencies were installed with conda? I didn't think so but if I am wrong here we will want to change this note multiple places.

3. The genes of interest list, stored as a tab-separated value (TSV) file.
This file should contain at least one column named `gene_id` with the relevant gene identifiers, and can optionally contain an additional column named `gene_set` that denotes the gene set that each gene identifier belongs to (see an example of this genes of interest file [here](../example-data/goi-lists/sample01_goi_list.tsv)).

## Parameters and config file

As in the main core workflow, we have provided a [configuration file](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/snakefiles/configuration.html), `config/config.yaml` which sets the defaults for project-specific parameters needed to run the genes of interest workflow.

### Project-specific parameters

> There are a set of parameters included in the `config/config.yaml` file that will need to be specified when running the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a set of parameters included in the `config/config.yaml` file that will always need to be specified when running the workflow.
```

These parameters are specific to the project or dataset being processed.
These include the following parameters:

| Parameter        | Description |
|------------------|-------------|
| `results_dir` | relative path to the directory where output files will be stored (use the same `results_dir` used in the prerequisite core workflow) |
| `project_metadata` | relative path to your specific project metadata TSV file (use the same `project_metadata` used in the prerequisite core workflow) |
| `goi_list` | the file path to a tsv file containing the list of genes that are of interest; the default file path is `example-data/goi-lists/example_goi_list.tsv` |
| `provided_identifier` | the type of gene identifiers used to populate the genes of interest list; example values that can implemented here include `"ENSEMBL"`, `"ENTREZID"`, `"SYMBOL"` -- where `"SYMBOL"` is the default (see more keytypes [here](https://jorainer.github.io/ensembldb/reference/EnsDb-AnnotationDbi.html)) |

> |[View Config File](../config/config.yaml)|

Reviewer: I think we can remove this from here. They probably don't need to use this config file when what they really need for this workflow is the goi one which you have linked below.

|---|

The above parameters can be modified at the command line by using the [`--config` flag](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/snakefiles/configuration.html).
You must also specify the number of CPU cores for snakemake to use by using the [`--cores` flag](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/advanced.html?highlight=cores#step-1-specifying-the-number-of-used-threads).
If `--cores` is given without a number, all available cores are used to run the workflow.
If you installed dependencies for the workflow [with conda via snakemake](../README.md#snakemakeconda-installation), you will need to provide the `--use_conda` flag as well.

> The below code is an example of running the genes of interest workflow using the project-specific parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below code is an example of running the genes of interest workflow using the required parameters.
```

```
snakemake --snakefile goi.snakefile \ 
  --cores 2 \
  --use-conda \
  --config results_dir="<RELATIVE PATH TO RESULTS DIRECTORY>" \

>   project_metadata="<RELATIVE PATH TO YOUR PROJECT METADATA TSV>"

Reviewer: You need to add in the goi list and identifier here.
